Introduce LS_JAVA_HOME environment variable (#13204)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/jvm.asciidoc

[float]
[[java-home]]
==== `LS_JAVA_HOME` and `JAVA_HOME`

{ls} uses the Java version set in `LS_JAVA_HOME`. The `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment
variable must be set for {ls} to operate correctly.

> If {ls} doesn't find `LS_JAVA_HOME` it tries to fall back on `JAVA_HOME` but this behaviour
> could be subject to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If {ls} doesn't find `LS_JAVA_HOME`, it tries to fall back to `JAVA_HOME`.  Note that this behavior is experimental and could be subject to removal in later releases.
```

> On some Linux systems, you may need to have the `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion

On some Linux systems, you may need to have the `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment
```

Reviewer: Suggest return to break up text block for easier parsing.
